# Forcast-hourly-bike-renting-demand
Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able to rent a bike from one location and return it to a different place on an as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world. The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival location, and time elapsed and other environment feature is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying mobility in a city.

we used the data to find out the hourly demand rate of a bike in a city. For this we wrote our code.

we  first define problem.

we have done Hypothesis generation i.e. we find out the vaiable which affect or influence our problem.\n
we had done data extraction i.e. collect and read the data in csv file.\n
we identify the variable and its type.\n
we had done univariate analysis.\n
we had done bivariate analysis to see which variable has best imoerical relationship.
we extract the real date and time.
we use linear regression model of machine learning to find accuracy.
we use k-nearest neighbour of machine learning to find accuracy.
we save it in the submission file.
after all the coding we copy our variables from submission file and copy it in solution checker file to find out the hourly demand rate
